    Mae Nard                                               
    123 COLORADO                                       
    SAN ANTONIO, TX 78255                     
                                                                    

    Dear Dr. Nard,                                   
                                                                    
    We are sorry to hear about the loss of your beloved pet Pearl. Our   
    understanding is that Pearl was shot by an arrow. Although this is   
    a sad time, it is best to celebrate the life of Pearl with a   
    fitting memory. Wagging Tail Family Mortuary provides several   
    caring options:                                 

         o Cremation and a rich mahogany box for warmly storing   
           Pearl. ($299.99)            

         o Cremation and a keep-sake memory box which will   
           continuously stream pictures or a video of Pearl. This   
           option can provide you with some of the best memories   
           of the good times with the confidence that Pearl is   
           never far away. ($799.99)   

         o Burial plot at our Deservingly Ultimate Manicured Pet   
           Cemetery where Pearl can be swathed in the serenity of   
           our well manicured grounds. Although you can't visit   
           these grounds due to the necessity for keeping it   
           serene, you are provided web access to our 24/7   
           display of the plot where Pearl will be for eternity.   
           ($1299.99)                        

    At Wagging Tail Family Mortuary, we know it's impossible to put a   
    price tag on the memories you have of Pearl. We take either Master   
    Card or Visa to better serve you.   

    Our caring staff at Wagging Tail Family Mortuary are here for you   
    any time day or night.                   

    With my sincere sympathy,             
    Paul Bearer                                         
    210-555-1234                                       
                                                                    
